Welcome back, guys, to another video about a kind of club of mutual fan in the academy now protecting
their class.
Now, in this club, we are going to focus in deploying an infrastructure based on the concept of infrastructure
as a code.
And we will use the service of a cloud formation.
So we are going to use.
Templates to deploy and supply with the cloud.
Then we will deploy an application layer and we will explore that template in the confirmation design
and we will also delete the stack as well.
So the first thing we need to do in the first task is basically to create a VPC and a database application
layer.
And this is will basically using a lab desk network and find it is a file we will use in order to deploy
the BBC.
So the first thing we need to do is to download this file into our computer.
And that's fine.
We will use it with the clot formation and we will load it as one.
So if you download this form to your computer and you open it in ethics editor, as we can see here,
and this is clean, this file is mainly going to create a cloud formation template where we have basically
a VPC as a resource and that KPC will be used mainly to deploy an infrastructure resources.
As you can see, and it will print out the VPC I.D. and the public subnet ID.
Now, let's go now to cloud formation.
And from the cloud formation, we will basically create a new stack using the scripts that we have.
So in a cloud formation, we need to go and create a stack.
Now you kind of create a stack using different methods.
Here you can use the template, which are the samples provided by us.
So Lambda Stack, you can also deploy Rock on Rails.
We have a simple one or a multi easy deployment.
Now, in our case here, we are going to use our find that we just upload download to our computer could
also create a cloud formation template in the cloud designer.
So basically that has many choices, how you can proceed with this.
So we are going to upload the template file that we have in our local computer, which is the one we
downloaded from the lab sheet.
You could also view within the designer.
So if you open it in a new tab, you will find that this file is containing the resources that will
be created in the cloud formation template.
It will create a VPC and create a real table and a public subnet as well, an Internet gateway.
So these go back and click next.
Now we need to call this a stack based on the lab sheet.
It will be called based on the lab sheet.
It will be called a lab network.
And then we need to put a tag.
And these tags are very important in the future.
When you have an auditing process or to distinguish which resources are used, for example, for production,
for testing, for environment.
These tags will be very useful.
Also, they are very useful for course exploration and cost management.
So they are very useful tool for auditing later on.
So we call this resources.
We will be tagging them as application inventory and we will to click next.
So the stock failure option, this is basically what will happen if the templates fail.
So if the templates fail, we can keep successfully creating the resources or we can roll back and delete
all the successful resources that we create if there is any issue in the template.
So these are very useful choices, especially when you have a migration or a disaster recovery site.
Now once you click on the create, this one puts the static creation in the progress.
You can check this from the events.
Tab could also go to the resources tab and in order to see which resources are currently created or
under creation as well.
Then you can look to the stack as well, which give you a look at the stack.
And for the idea of the stack, the process of the stack, the status, and we need to wait until we
manage to see the output.
And as we saw in the template file, this should print a VPC and it should the print as well a subnet
ID.
So give us a few minutes, guys.
And until this completely finished.
Now, if you go back now to the resources, you can see that the fewer resources has been created like
the Internet, gateway shows and it complete.
And also you could go to the VPC and in that VPC, you could basically check which of the sources has
been created by the cloud formation.
By the way, these labs that we use in the academic cloud architecting, once you click on a start,
basically you are running or creating the lab environment based on a transformation template.
So what is the process of the confirmation execution finished?
You will find in the outcome of the confirmation, the public subnet ID and the idea that was created
using this template could also explore the resources.
You could also explore the whole stack.
You could also go to the VPC and check whether those resources are there.
Plus, the output from the cloud formation is going to be more than enough in order to confirm that
there is a successful execution of this template.
Now, in the future, you could also use the class automation output to keep track of your configuration
and if your of deployment in that info.
So in task to know we need to look to the client application layer and this is will happen as well by
downloading a separate FONTELLA computer called slapdash application.
And that's fine.
If you open it, you will find that this is going to be used to create a web server and that's what
is going to be used as well with.
And just to test inside the VPC, we create just with this our application where we load a demo application
and that's that we've said in an instance we are going to pass basically.
A specific configuration for it as a standard application and the use of data, we would specify the
product is likely to my crew and am I we are going to use the script we are going to load in the use
of data and what kind of security group afterwards we are going to open the same way we are going to
load this to the cloud formation and the stock cloud application.
And you will notice that this will take the network stock name, not network, which means this dependent
on the laughing stock to be created successfully.
And this means it will be created inside the BBC and we will take it in the same way as application
inventory.
And then we click next and then we create the stock.
Once this happens.
Now, this is basically will give us a few minutes until the confirmation completes the execution of
the script and load the web server.
So again, as I said, this time it's very important to tag all the results that you create and enter
the future you will use on it and to delete.
And also for cost exploration and cost reduction.
So it's a very good effect.
Now, this lab application is going to be in creation and in a process, and we will wait for this claim
that you are in the public DNS name of the website in the output tab of the clouds formation system.
Now, once the applications are finished, the execution you will find in the top.
That is you are in that we can use to access the main website of the web server.
The sample application that we just load inside is of data.
Inside the cloud formation is stuck in task number three.
If you look back to the best application, you will find that the security group configured there,
it just only opened for 80.
And now we want to update the stack in order to open for 22 and that updates will happen by uploading
another version of the application and that we will download it instead of 26 to our computer.
And now we go back to our cloud formation with the stub club application and then we click update the
update.
You can use the current template or you can basically upload it using and you find that we will load
from our this.
So in our case it's going to be upload file and that file is going to be the file application too and
then click next in the configuration and then click on Update the Stack.
So you could wait now for the commission to finish the update on the current stock and you check the
resources and the output as well.
Or you can go to the C2 itself inside.
If it's a console, you go to the security group and to check the security group and to confirm that
there is a new update for the inbound code.
The next thing is going to be in this lab after you finish this is to open a class formation designer.
And you can achieve this by going to the left navigation and go to the design of the and from the design
I go to the open local file and you open one of the files that we just downloaded to our computer.
And you can see it will integrate with any other file or adjacent format, and you can also drag and
drop the component, all the resources that you need to add in the cloud designer or the information
designer.
So it's it's up to you to decide how you are going to build the transformation template, whether by
writing the script or by configuring it using the cloud designer tool.
This is pretty much what we need to do for the slap.
The client in the step is going to be to select the stacks that you just created and you delete them
all.
You can update them as well.
So physically, after you finish the losses task and the slap to submit the log for to grading.
Thank you for seeing this.
Will do.
And see you and the next one.